src/meetings/2022-03-21.md, before:

# 2021-03-21

| Info                                           |                          |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| Time                                           | [See in your time zone]  |
| Calendar event (with Zoom details)             | [link][cal]              |
| Social hour calendar event (with Zoom details) | [link][calsh]            |
| Recording                                      | (link posted after call) |

[see in your time zone]: https://everytimezone.com/s/d733869e

[cal]: https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NnFqbGt2bHFpOTZjOW9pZWZiczNrc285a2wgN24wdnZvcWZlMGtibms2aTA0dWl1NTJ0MzBAZw&tmsrc=7n0vvoqfe0kbnk6i04uiu52t30%40group.calendar.google.com
[calsh]: https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NzUxcGUwNzFwZ2dzMGw5dW9ub2VraDFqOWogN24wdnZvcWZlMGtibms2aTA0dWl1NTJ0MzBAZw&tmsrc=7n0vvoqfe0kbnk6i04uiu52t30%40group.calendar.google.com

## Agenda

For this month's CTCFT meeting, the theme is "planning for 2022". Rebecca
Rumbul, the CEO of the Rust Foundation, will give a look into the Foundation's
mission.

- (5 min) Opening remarks 👋 ([Rebecca Rumbul])
- (30 min) Rust Foundation 2022 ([Rebecca Rumbul])
  - Bec will give an overview of the Foundation's current thinking on its
    mission and how to achieve it, and talk a little about some of the bigger
    questions that need to be addressed for the future. This will include more
    detail on the work programs that the Foundation is currently pursuing (such
    as the Community Grants Program), and some potential gaps / areas that the
    Foundation is considering in terms of what support and resources it could
    provide. Bec will also talk about the more operational/practical side of the
    Foundation, outlining how the organisation is growing and how the split of
    responsibilities between board and staff is working.
- (5 min) Closing ([nikomatsakis])

[Rebecca Rumbul]: https://twitter.com/rebeccarumbul
[nikomatsakis]: https://github.com/angelonfira

## Social hour

Like always, we'll be running a social hour after the CTCFT. The idea is really
simple: for the hour after the meeting, we will create breakout rooms in Zoom
with different themes. You can join any breakout room you like and hangout.

[ctcft calendar]: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=7n0vvoqfe0kbnk6i04uiu52t30%40group.calendar.google.com

Commit message:

Added lang update section, changed Rebecca's presentation time

src/meetings/2022-03-21.md, after:

# 2021-03-21

| Info                                           |                          |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| Time                                           | [See in your time zone]  |
| Calendar event (with Zoom details)             | [link][cal]              |
| Social hour calendar event (with Zoom details) | [link][calsh]            |
| Recording                                      | (link posted after call) |

[see in your time zone]: https://everytimezone.com/s/d733869e

[cal]: https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NnFqbGt2bHFpOTZjOW9pZWZiczNrc285a2wgN24wdnZvcWZlMGtibms2aTA0dWl1NTJ0MzBAZw&tmsrc=7n0vvoqfe0kbnk6i04uiu52t30%40group.calendar.google.com
[calsh]: https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NzUxcGUwNzFwZ2dzMGw5dW9ub2VraDFqOWogN24wdnZvcWZlMGtibms2aTA0dWl1NTJ0MzBAZw&tmsrc=7n0vvoqfe0kbnk6i04uiu52t30%40group.calendar.google.com

## Agenda

For this month's CTCFT meeting, the theme is "planning for 2022". Rebecca
Rumbul, the CEO of the Rust Foundation, will give a look into the Foundation's
mission.

- (5 min) Opening remarks 👋 ([Rebecca Rumbul])
- (15 min) Planning for Rust 2024 ([nikomatsakis], [joshtriplett])
  - Now that Rust 2021 is behind us, it's time to start thinking about Rust
    2024! The lang team has been working on a roadmap that proposes various
    priorities for Rust 2024 and discusses some of the language changes that can
    help support those priorities. [@nikomatsakis][nikomatsakis] and
    @joshtriplett][joshtriplett] will discuss the contents of that document. We
    would love feedback, both on the document and on whether it can be broadened
    to include other teams' efforts as well.
- (15 min) Rust Foundation 2022 ([Rebecca Rumbul])
  - Bec will give an overview of the Foundation's current thinking on its
    mission and how to achieve it, and talk a little about some of the bigger
    questions that need to be addressed for the future. This will include more
    detail on the work programs that the Foundation is currently pursuing (such
    as the Community Grants Program), and some potential gaps / areas that the
    Foundation is considering in terms of what support and resources it could
    provide. Bec will also talk about the more operational/practical side of the
    Foundation, outlining how the organisation is growing and how the split of
    responsibilities between board and staff is working.
- (5 min) Closing ([nikomatsakis])

[Rebecca Rumbul]: https://twitter.com/rebeccarumbul
[nikomatsakis]: https://github.com/nikomatsakis
[joshtriplett]: https://github.com/joshtriplett

## Social hour

Like always, we'll be running a social hour after the CTCFT. The idea is really
simple: for the hour after the meeting, we will create breakout rooms in Zoom
with different themes. You can join any breakout room you like and hangout.

[ctcft calendar]: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=7n0vvoqfe0kbnk6i04uiu52t30%40group.calendar.google.com
